well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
revolution and we're going to talk about
it because it keeps coming up in the
comment section and because of the
yellow vest movement people are you know
there are activists in the united states
wanting to bring that movement here and
hoping that it starts a revolution first
we gotta talk about what a revolution is
and is the yellow vest movement a
revolution it's not it's not guys the
started as a riot and it was on what all
riots are the unheard the voiceless
lashing out violently some riots have
staying power they become rebellious its
short-lived and it's looking for reform
a lot of revolutions are really just a
scheme to put somebody else new in
charge what gets termed a revolution so
how really a revolution that's regime
change and that isn't always a good
thing you can look to Egypt as a good
example of that where they got the guy
they didn't like out and the person they
got in and well they didn't like him
either so we have to really define what
a revolution is now we also talk about
outside influence when we're talking
about these things you know is a foreign
government helping is that necessarily
bad now right now because everything
that happened in our last election
Americans are like of course it's bad
and sometimes it is sometimes it is I
would say that the u.s. involvement in
Iran in overthrowing their government
was a horrible thing for the Iranian
people it directly were led to the
regime they have in power today
about the French helping the colonists
during the US Revolution probably don't
think that was a bad thing and that was
a whole lot more than Facebook post that
was ships and guns nations will act in
their own best interest just like any
people so an outside nation assisting
doesn't necessarily mean that it's bad
for the people of that country what it
means is that the goals of the
revolution are in line with the goals of
the people in power in the other country
that's really all it means maybe it's
good maybe it's bad so we've talked
about what a revolution isn't what is a
revolution a revolution is bringing a
new idea to the table that's what it is
a new form of government changing forms
of government something like that and
throughout Western civilization the the
overwhelming trend of revolutions has
been to decentralize power and to give
more power to more people so it I would
suggest that if a revolution occurred in
the United States that would be the
direction it would take that is the
trend of Western civilization now there
have been revolutions that have taken a
step back from that but they're normally
pretty short-lived when you compare it
to the timeline of Western civilization
the other thing you have to kind of note
when you're talking about a revolution
in the in the u.s. is that you're
kissing the United States goodbye it
won't survive and not just in the form
of well this form of representative
democracy won't survive but the country
itself the borders will change because
when large culturally diverse ethnically
diverse countries especially those that
have
jurisdictions within them that have
power like states when they have
revolutions they they don't survive
intact the last major country to have a
revolution
we don't refer to it as a revolution we
call it the breakup of the Soviet Union
because that is typically what happens
so what would a revolution in the u.s.
be like all of the different gripes the
polarization in this country the ethnic
tensions the racial tensions the
cultural divide I mean let's be honest
people from Massachusetts and they
should probably already need a passport
to come to Mississippi it's a different
the odds of building a popular
revolution where those groups of people
will line up and they agree it's pretty
slim it is pretty slim especially if
you're talking about one that centers on
violence and it's the United States at
this point in time at this point in
history a revolution in the ice age
would be violent and it would be very
violent and all of that stuff we just
talked about it's all going to come to a
boil you know people always think well
it can't happen here like that when you
talk about mass murder and violence in
revolutions genocide you know that's
something that just happens in those
other countries dominated by people that
don't look like the majority of the u.s.
right it's just where it happens it
doesn't happen in Europe except that it
did in the last country that was like
the United States and the 90s when
Yugoslavia broke up same situation
ethnic divides cultural divides
jurisdictions and land that were
predominantly populated by one type yeah
that's what happened and for those that
don't know you may not know that
Yugoslavia is what became Bosnia Serbia
that is that's what you can expect and
if you don't know it got bad real bad
and this this wasn't a country of those
other people white Europeans and there
were horrible atrocities that happened
during that and that's really what you
could expect if there was a violent
revolution in this country the other
thing is you have to keep in mind that
the u.s. is not we're not self-reliant
anymore and one of the things that
happens during the revolution especially
one like would happen in the u.s. which
we have to be fought with an insurgency
is that transportation gets interrupted
and you know people like well that's a
huge deal
oh it's a very huge deal if the truck
stopped rolling those 18 wheelers day
one
there's shortages of some kinds of by
day three there's no food in the stores
we operate on a zero inventory you know
most big stores most grocery stores
don't have a back room anymore what's on
the Shelf is that and because our
transportation system is so reliable
these companies have timed it now to
where as soon as that food shows up it's
on the Shelf that way they don't have to
waste money dealing with a back run it's
great for the company it is bad if
you're talking about interruption and
supply so there no food after three days
gas stations most gas stations need to
be filled up every two and a half days
these hospitals they were on the same
way now they don't carry massive
inventories of supplies so it will get
bad it would get bad anything that ever
triggers the trucks to stop rolling in
this country will bring it to its knees
so if you're gonna change the government
yeah it can be done with bullets and
lampposts if you don't get the imagery
don't Google there's two ways to change
somebody's mind you can put a bullet in
it or you can put a new idea and that's
probably what we need to focus on in the
United States a violent revolution will
be horrible and most of the people who
think that they're ready for it you know
you have $15,000 worth of guns 50,000
rounds of ammo for each one of them you
will die to a 30 cent bullet it's not
doesn't work the way most people think
anyway so
what kind of governments could give more
power to more people continue that trend
of Western civilization I'm actually
interested to hear what y'all say anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night